1. With whom you discussed this question yesterday?
2. I have seen this film this week. I like it very much.
3. When I entered this kitchen I saw that my mother stood at the table and cutting some cabbage. She is cooking dinner.
4. As soon as I heard a cry, I ran out of the room and saw that a child is lying on the ground and crying. 
"What happens? Why are you crying? Did you hurt yourself?" I asked.
5. They went to the Hermitage last week.
6. They have been to the Hermitage twice this week.
7. Yesterday afternoon he came to home, had dinner, read an article from the latest magazine and began doing his homework.
8. When did your friend return from the south?
 - She returned yesterday.
 - Did you go to the station to meet her?
 - No, I..., I was too busy.
9. Have your brother returned from the north?
 - Yes, he came a few days ago.
10. Have you been to the Crimea? When were you there?
 - I was there in 2005.
11. Where is your brother?
 - He has just come home. He is taking a shower in the bathroom now.
12. As soon as I saw him, I understood that he worked hard. He was writing something and wasn't noticing anything.
13. When I came home yesterday, the children were running and singing merrily. "We learned a new song!" they cried.
14. When the young man entered the room, she looked at him in surprise.
"What do you want tell me?" she said. "Why do you come?".
15. It rained hard when I left home yesterday, so I returned, put my raincoat and started again.
16. Are you working right now?
 - Yes, I'm preparing for the English exams.
17. Have a look! That's the Golden Gate Bridge on your left.
 - Oh, it is beautiful. I have just taken a picture of it.
18. Where did you learn the news?
19. They have already thought of everything? They have bought a lot of food?
 - Yes, Mark has jus ordered ten bottles of Coke and four kinds of mineral water.
 He mentioned peanuts, but he didn't order any. He thought of tea and fancy cakes. The shop charged everything to Mark's credit card.
20. Why do you shiver?
 - I shiver because I'm cold.
21. I have spreained my ankle again.
22. A world-famous violinist has played at tonight's concert.
23. The children played with their train set the whole evening yesterday.