102.1
  1. It's difficult to understand him because he speaks so quietly.
  2. I like Liz and Joe. They're such nice people.
  3. It was a great holiday. We had such a good time.
  4. I was surprised that he looked so well after his recent illness.
  5. Everything is expensive these days, isn't it?
  6. The weather is beautiful, isn't it? I didn't expect it to be such a nice day.
  7. I think she works too hard. She looks so tired all the time.
  8. He always looks good. He wears such nice clothes.
  9. It was such a boring movie that I fell asleep while I was watching it. 
  10. I couldn't believe the news. It was such a shock.
  11. I have to go. I didn't realize it was so late.
  12. The food at the hotel was so awful. I've never eaten such awful food.
  13. They've got so much money they don't know what to do with it.
  14. I didn't realize you lived so long way from the city centre.
  15. The party was really great. It was such a shame you couldn't come.

102.2
  1. She worked so hard she made herself ill.
  2. It was such a beautiful day we decided to go to the beach.
  3. I was so tired I couldn't keep my eyes open.
  4. We had such a good time on holiday we didn't want to come home.
  5. She speaks English so well you would think it was her native language.
  6. I've got such a lot to do I don't know where to begin.
  7. The music was so loud you could hear it from miles away.
  8. I had such a big breakfast I didn't eat anything else for the rest of the day.
  9. It was so horrible weather we spent the whole day indoors.
  10. I was so surprised I didn't know what to say.

102.3
  1. We enjoyed our holiday. It was so relaxing.
     We enjoyed our holiday. We had such a good time.
  2. I like Catherine. She's so pretty.
     I like Catherine. She's such a nice girl.
  3. I like New York. It's so big.
     I like New York. It's such a beautiful city.
  4. I wouldn't like to be a teacher. It's so boring sometimes.
     I wouldn't like to be a teacher. It's such a hard profession.
  5. It's great to see you again! I haven't seen you for so long.
     It's great to see you again! I haven't seen you for such a long time.